Data is a time series of runs where some runs are critical (have an 'Error' measured) and non-critical (no 'Error' is available or applicable).

Goal:
    Establish if there is any correlation between "feature"/"attribute" (or combination of features/attributes) running just 
    before any particular lot that drives the probability of larger abs value of Error.  This is directly from the customer who 
    wants to know if there are any set of conditions that increase the likelihood of producing a larger "Error" on a critical plate.  
    Knowing these conditions would allow for the develpment of run rules to prevent running conditions/combinations that increase this
    likelihood.


Entity: string
    individual toolset for that data point.  Each tool is unqiue but a copy exactly of the others so that each tool in the 
    fleet produces the same effect.

Run_On_Ent: integer
    the sequential run on that specific entity.  The sequence matters!

Lot: string
    The name/identifier of that run

Operation: int
    Operation associated w that particular run 

Error: float
    Key parameter for the analysis.  Can we predict a larger/smaller Error on a run (n) given the lots that ran just before it (n-1,n-2,...
    n-j, where j = how far back in runs to look)?  Error can be both positive or negative.  Run is critical if Error is available.  
    NaN means no value is applicable or available.

Feature1-4: int or float
    unique features of that run

Attribute1-5: boolean
    represent physical materials present on that run

Fam_Type/DIC_Design: string
    description of the type of critical run - has an Error value associated with it
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
Data Wrangling Notations:
Data was obtained from an SQL database of process data and a seperate MySQL pull for the historical timeline of process tools.  The data 
then joined in JMP to created on coherent file of time series for each toolset.
Process expert then performed an analysis of each line item by assigning features and attributes to each run based upon known 
conditions.
The time series nature of the dataset warrants leave NaN values in the dataset to allow time lagging functions.  The NaN values will 
then be dropped and compared agaist an expanded dataframe with includes each attr/feature lag as a unique column.

IP exposure prevention:
To allow sharing of the dataset, all date/timestamps were removed and converted to a new sequential column called
'Run_On_Ent'.  This was required to prevent exposure of factory metrics.
The Error columns were also normalized to also hide sensitive data.


